there's something that you've been
trying to do for years that you have not
done and I can tell you why you haven't
done it without even knowing what it is
it doesn't matter if you've been telling
yourself to start a business exercise
more or get closer to loved ones
there is something they all have in
common
you have been beating yourself up for
not doing it you've been beating
yourself up by telling yourself that you
should do it or you have to do it or
you've been criticizing yourself for not
doing it so how did I know that you were
beating yourself up and it was
preventing you from accomplishing what
you want
it's because shame keeps you stagnant it
holds you back and it keeps you cycling
over the same thing motivating yourself
without shame Works far better
imagine if you spend as much time
motivating yourself as you did beating
yourself up how much more productive
would you be
during my years of coaching some of the
world's most successful people I have
found seven ways that people hold
themselves back
shaming themselves is just one of those
ways
during the master class we take a deep
dive into each of these seven
limitations
we learned to recognize them see through
them and then we use Simple tools to get
us out of their tracks
this allows you to accomplish what you
want with ease and joy so that you can
fulfill your purpose create a meaningful
life and be who you are meant to be
[Music]